CSS: move block-level and inline-level pages from HTML to CSS (#25891)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/block-level_content/index.md

---
title: Block-level content
slug: Glossary/Block-level_content
page-type: glossary-definition
---

In CSS, content that participates in block layout is called block-level content.

In a block layout, boxes are laid out one after the other, vertically, beginning at the top of a containing block. Each box's left outer edge touches the left edge of the containing block (for right-to-left formatting, right edges touch).\

> A block-level element always starts on a new line. And it occupies the entire horizontal space of its parent element (container), and vertical space equal to the height of its contents, thereby creating a "block".

Reviewer: This is not true if `writing-mode` is specified as any value other than `horizontal-tb`.

Author: > This is not true if `writing-mode` is specified as any value other than `horizontal-tb`.

Added a note about `writing-mode` below the paragraph, as describing behaviors for each non-default writing modes will complicate this a lot.

---
title: Block-level content
slug: Glossary/Block-level_content
page-type: glossary-definition
---

> In CSS, content that participates in block layout is called block-level content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In CSS, content that participates in block layout is called **block-level content**.
```

Reviewer 2: We have a Glossary/Block/CSS page - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Block/CSS

In a block layout, boxes are laid out one after the other, vertically, beginning at the top of a containing block. Each box's left outer edge touches the left edge of the containing block.\

> A block-level element always starts on a new line. And it occupies the entire horizontal space of its parent element (container), and vertical space equal to the height of its contents, thereby creating a "block".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A block-level element always starts on a new line. In horizontal writing modes, like English or Arabic, it occupies the entire horizontal space of its parent element (container) and vertical space equal to the height of its contents, thereby creating a "block".
```

> **Note:** The above behaviour of block layout changes if the containing block's [`writing-mode`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/writing-mode) is set to value other than [the default value](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/writing-mode#formal_definition).

> > **Note:** HTML (_HyperText Markup Language_) elements historically were categorized as either "block-level" elements or "inline-level" elements. Since this is a presentational characteristic it is nowadays specified by CSS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** HTML (_HyperText Markup Language_) elements historically were categorized as either "block-level" elements or "inline-level" elements. As a presentational characteristic, this is now specified by CSS.
```

> > **Note:** HTML (_HyperText Markup Language_) elements historically were categorized as either "block-level" elements or "inline-level" elements. As a presentational characteristic, this is now specified by CSS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** HTML (_HyperText Markup Language_) elements historically were categorized as either "block-level" elements or "inline" elements. As a presentational characteristic, this is now specified by CSS.
```

## Examples

> In this example two paragraph({{HTMLElement("p")}}) elements are put in a {{HTMLElement("div")}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, two paragraph ({{HTMLElement("p")}}) elements are put in a {{HTMLElement("div")}}.
```
